(Yuya)
Previously on
"Yu‐Gi‐Oh! ARC‐V"...
(wind whipping)
Are you gonna
introduce me...
to your twin sister?
I have business
with this Xyz fugitive.
Um, heh,
what is that?
Don't play dumb!
I'm taking you down!
I Fusion Summon!
Lunalight Cat Dancer!
Shay's sister Lulu
is from the Xyz Dimension
So that means she would never
Fusion Summon like this girl.
That must mean
she's not Lulu.
Revenge is supposed
to be bittersweet.
(laughing)
But I'm betting
it tastes delish!
Let's Duel!
Cat Dancer!
Take down that Clown!
(roars)
Aaaaah! Uhh!
(man)
You're coming with us.
Hmm?
(alarm blaring)
(Controller) A task force
from the Fusion dimension
just warped into
the Volcano Zone!
Send in my strike squadron.
(men grunting and coughing)
This is the end of the line,
gentlemen.
Where's my Yuya?
Hmm?
(both gasp)
Looks like
we found him...
and so did trouble!
(laughing)
♪
♪ Hey, hey ♪
♪ Can you feel the power? ♪
♪ You vs. me,
competition for the victory ♪
♪ I could be the best one day
and make history ♪
♪ Swing into action ♪
♪ Are you ready
to play? ♪
♪ Challenge
anyone anywhere ♪
♪ Any day ♪
♪ You wanna take a chance ♪
♪ Go 'head
and roll the dice ♪
♪ See if it's
in your cards ♪
♪ If you'll pay
the price ♪
♪ Activate the spell ♪
♪ Let your powers come
to life ♪
♪ It's showtime ♪
♪ Who will win the fight? ♪
♪ I'm ready to duel ♪
♪ Go 'head
and make your move ♪
♪ Go, go, go, go ♪
♪ I'll win this duel ♪
♪ You can't beat
my moves ♪
♪ I'm in that groove ♪
♪ I know
I can't lose ♪
♪ Your turn,
your tricks ♪
♪ Now, what will you choose? ♪
♪ Can you feel
the power? ♪
♪ I'll win this duel ♪
♪ You can't beat
my moves ♪
♪ I'm in that groove ♪
♪ I know
I can't lose ♪
♪ Your turn,
your tricks ♪
♪ Now, what will you choose? ♪
♪ Can you feel
the power? ♪
I'm about to dish out some
serious punishment!
Get ready for the main course!
It's a mouthful!
Bon appetit!
(creatures squeaking
and grunting)
It looked like Reed was
on the ropes for a second,
but now he's really cooking!
Seriously folks, after
the stuffing they took,
I don't think Halil
and Olga's monsters
can stomach too much more!
(giggling)
What about
the other duels
that are going on?
Yeah, we've seen enough
of this here food fight!
Look, pal!
Some of us happen
to adore Reed Pepper!
Yeah, so zip it!
(woman)
As far as we're concerned,
they should only
show Reed's duels!
That's absurd!
(woman)
You're absurd!
You tell 'em, Yoko!
Every duelist deserves
their time in the spotlight.
As much as I enjoy watching Reed
carve up the competition....
(giggling)
I wanna see a whole lot more
of Dennis Macfield, too!
We don't give
a gesundheit about those
guys!
We want to know what's up
with Yuya und Zuzu!
Let's go check out
their duels in person!
Yeah!
Wait,
I'm coming with you!
Oh, I should have
remembered to ask them
to get Dennis's autograph.
(all clamoring)
(all gasp)
Hold on‐‐ you folks can't exit
the stadium right now.
Return to your seats.
But why?
We can't leave?
Not even if I wanna
go back home?
What gives?
You can't force people
to remain here!
(woman)
I'm afraid we can.
Sorry, but I assure you,
this directive
is for your own safety.
What do
you mean?
This is a first
for our company.
We have never used the Augmented
Reality Combat System
in a non‐stadium setting,
and we have to take precautions.
It's a matter
of safety.
Surely
you understand.
I see.
If the Leo Corporation's
worried about
putting bystanders in danger
during the competition,
then you can't be
too careful, of course.
Ah, you're a wise man,
Mr. Boyle.
And this must be
your student Tate,
who made it to
the Youth Division finals, yes?
Yeah...
As you must be aware,
there will be a duel later today
to determine who your opponent
is going to be,
but I have no doubt
you will be facing Riley here.
Hope you're looking forward
to the finals.
I know I certainly am!
These duels
will be truly memorable,
with the Youth finals
on the horizon
and the Junior Division
battle royal already underway.
What a pity we can't
see what's going on
in some of the zones
right now.
But the video feeds
will be restored soon.
Then you'll see that there's
no need to leave the arena
because everything
is proceeding
exactly as we planned.
(chuckling)
Now, why don't
I believe her?
You're gonna be mincemeat!
Now, Hunting Hound!
Scorch him with Canine Canon!
Looks like our tough‐talking
friend is going to the dogs!
Darling!
Stay back!
Uhh! But we have
to help Yuya!
Gong's seen that look in
Yuya's eyes once before.
Might be best
to leave him be right now.
Uh?
Aaaagh!
He's completely
lost it.
Does this feel like
bad news to you?
Let's finish him
before we find out!
No!
I'm going
to finishyou!
Now that I've tapped into
the power of the Pendulum,
your destruction
has been assured!
My monster is ready
to swing into action!
Turn up the heat,
Odd‐Eyes Pendulum Dragon!
Yuya's got a double dose
of dragons out!
Now Xiangke Magician, I call
on you to work your sorcery!
Use your Pendulum ability
to turn the tide of battle
in my favor!
It changes Dark Rebellion Xyz
Dragon's Rank into a Level!
Level Evolution!
(roaring)
Say what?
Sir, this maneuver
is unprecedented!
Xiangsheng Magician's Pendulum
ability activates!
I'm taking aim and my game
to the next level!
Dark Rebellion Xyz Dragon
will now have the same Level
as Odd‐Eyes Pendulum Dragon!
The stage has been set!
I can't believe it.
How'd he do it?
Now he's got two monsters
with the same Level!
I overlay
Dark Rebellion Xyz Dragon
and Odd‐Eyes Pendulum Dragon
in order to build
the Overlay Network!
I Xyz Summon...
Odd‐Eyes Rebellion Dragon!
Prepare to feel
my wrath!
(electricity sizzling)
Prepare to feel
my wrath!
Argh, I've never felt
such intense power!
(Aura)
Gong, gimme a boost!
Hyuh!
(grunting)
Yuya!
Whoa! Uhh!
Uhh!
Where am I?
What is this place?
Every time this card glows,
I end up someplace new.
But this time it looks like
I also traveled through time...
into a new ice age?
I wonder what humans
have evolved into.
Huh? Look at those two
creatures!
Over here!
Huh?
Hey, look!
It's Yuya,
let's take him down!
Looks like manners
haven't evolved.
That's no way to treat someone
you meet for the first time!
And the name's Yugo!
And now I will unleash
Odd Eyes Rebellion Dragon's
special ability.
Your hapless Hounds will be
the first to feel its fury!
After my Dragon
is done destroying them,
it will turn to you,
who commanded them!
There will be no mercy
for any of you!
Next, I will use
an Overlay Unit...
and that's very bad news
for you three,
because now my Odd‐Eyes
Rebellion Dragon
can attack all three of you
at once!
He's gonna hit 'em
with a triple whammy?
(roaring)
You came here uninvited.
And now you three
are going to wish
that you never
stepped foot here.
The hour of judgment
has come!
Sweeping Static Strike!
(men shouting in terror)
Uhh!
(alarm whooping)
What now?
We've picked up
an intense burst
of Synchro energy
in the Iceberg Zone.
Sorry, but you two picked
on the wrong guy.
I just wanted
to know where I was.
Maybe now you'll learn to be
a little more hospitable
when someone asks you
a question.
Anybody else around here?
(shouting)
Hello?
Huh?
What's Yuya looking at?
Something's sure got
his attention.
It's Shay!
Ohh! Could Yuya
be going after him next?
(cracking)
Yuya!
Watch out!
(shrieking)
(crash)
(groaning)
(grunting)
Aaaaah!
Get help... hurry!
(gasping)
(shouting)
(straining)
Please!
Uh, okay!
(grunting and shouting)
And now...
I'll add the last ingredients
of my recipe for victory!
By returning these monsters
to my hand,
your monsters
are destroyed!
(both gasping)
And for some kick,
I'm activating the trap
Metabolic Storm!
This may be hard to swallow,
but this trap deals
you so much damage
that that I'm afraid
our seven‐course duel
has come
to a wind‐breaking end!
My friends,
you've been served.
Oh, yeah!
We win again!
(both groan)
Gimme those Pendulum Cards,
and make it snappy!
Why do you
get Reed's cards?
That is not
very fair.
No, but it is teamwork!
Reed earns the cards,
and I hold on to 'em!
Keep this up and we'll win
a bazillion Pendulum Cards.
Huh? Forget
the tournament!
Of course
I'll go help Yuya!
If you're his dueling partner,
then you're coming, too!
Uh...
(crowd jeering)
Seriously?
Reed Pepper's feed
is now down now, too?
I hope they realize this
is how riots break out!
Well, heh heh...
that was unexpected!
I guess all our techies
have taken the day off,
but while we're
fixing the feed,
perhaps a visit to the souvenir
stand is in order?
(crowd chattering angrily)
(boy)
This is so lame.
(man)
I want my money back!
(thinking)
What was Aura doing there?
She's not in the tournament
anymore.
And what did she want
with Reed and his partner?
Why does she need them
to help Yuya?
Sir, our systems
can't ID the duelist
in the Iceberg Zone.
That signal
was exceptionally strong.
It came from a highly powerful
Synchro Summon.
Only a duelist
from the Synchro Dimension
could command such energies.
Find him!
No matter what it takes!
(all)
Right!
(Yuya shouting)
Do you have any idea what
happened to him?
Negative.
When we ran into him, he was
already acting super strange.
Maybe he cracked from
the pressure to win?
Or maybe he's
under a spell or something.
Time to find out!
I'll just us use
my soothsaying skills
to see if anyone's taken
control of Yuya's mind.
You can really
see that?
Of course I can!
I've studied
with the best.
Great mystical orb
of the unknown,
reveal Yuya's plight!
Allow me to see
beyond plain sight!
I can see...
something strange...
(gasps)
What's wrong?
What is it, Aura?
(Aura)
There are two souls
residing inside
my darling!
(all)
Say what now?!
Yuya and... someone else.
Wait! I'm also
sensing a third.
A darker, scarier presence.
Well, who or what is it?
I can't be sure, but...
it's definitely there,
and it's terrifying!
Is that what's
making 'em nuts?
Ahh, the kid's
gonna be just fine.
Aaaah!
(groans)
Yuya?
He's out cold!
My sweetie!
Mr. President, our ninjas
have escaped the intruders
and led Zuzu and Celina
to safety...
at least for now.
Hmm...
(Celina grunting)
Hey! Let me go!
You can treat me like
I'm a sack of potatoes!
Uhh! I had everything under
control 'til you barged in!
Now put me down!
Uhh!
Why'd you butt in
to my business?
I don't even
know who you are.
You better give me
some answers or else!
Moon Shadow,
mind these two.
I will take
a look around.
Her attackers
could be tracking us.
Be careful, brother.
So who were
those guys?
Warriors from
the Fusion Dimension,
sent here by Duel Academy.
Really?
The Fusion Dimension?
That's why they're after us‐‐
I mean, you Lulu!
How'd you escape?
It must have been terrifying.
Shay's gonna be so happy
to see you again, Lulu!
Do I look like
a Lulu to you?
My name is Celina!
Celina?
But you're right,
those goons back there
did come here
to try and capture me.
But they're going back
empty‐handed.
They picked the wrong girl
to mess with.
If Tweedle‐dum
and Tweedle‐dumber
hadn't interfered,
I would have
driven them all away!
I don't get it.
Why are they after you?
The Professor sent them after
I refused to obey his orders.
He rules Duel Academy
with an iron fist,
and his orders
are the supreme law.
Disobedience
is never tolerated.
But I only listen to me,
so when he said I had to stay
put, I made other plans.
I know there are fugitives
from Xyz here,
and I'm determined
to find and crush them!
The Professor will realize then
how badly he blundered
when he didn't send me
to the front lines
with the others‐‐
I promise!
And that's why you
wanted to duel Dennis?
I thought he was an Xyzian,
but it seems I was wrong.
(muttering)
Apology accepted.
So are these "front lines"
in the Xyz Dimension?
That's right.
I wanted to go and fight to make
the universe a better place.
I watched as my fellow
recruits all traveled to Xyz.
They won glory on the field...
and I had to stay behind,
all thanks to the Professor.
Do you have any clue
what your precious academy
did in the Xyz Dimension?
It was just horrible.
Their world was once
a peaceful one.
But it all changed.
Nothing could have
prepared us.
It happened too quickly.
They just showed up,
they wrecked our city,
changing our lives forever.
The enemy took
everything away from us.
I heard the Xyzians
were chased
and tracked down for fun
by your fellow recruits.
I don't understand
why anyone would
want to be a part
of such a thing.
It just sounds
so horrible.
But if you
think that's okay...
I'm gonna stop you!
At last,
the final showdown!
Now my revenge
will be complete!
Looks like
a three‐on‐three duel...
But earlier,
there were six duelists
from the Fusion Dimension.
So where are
the other three?
(Celina)
That was quite the story
you told me, Zuzu.
You should be careful where
you get your information from,
because everything
you told me...
is a lie.
(gasps)
Your story can't be true.
You don't know
my classmates.
They're not the type
of duelists
to go and hunt others
for fun and games.
Oh, yeah? Then why
did they go there?
Duel Academy's goal
is pure and noble.
It is to unite
all the dimensions
into one supreme world!
Supreme world?
We simply invaded the Xyz
Dimension to achieve our goal.
In time, we will
also assimilate
the Synchro and Standard
Dimensions until all are one!
The duelists of Duel Academy
train tirelessly to serve
this great and honorable dream!
Someday we will bring all
our worlds together into one!
But don't you see‐‐
along the way you'll be
causing immense suffering?
Every great dream
has a price.
Those who fought back knew
what they were getting into.
(grunting)
But how about all the ones
that didn't fight back
and were hunted down?
Huh?
It wasn't just duelists who
were attacked by your people.
Those invaders went after
anyone and everyone!
You mean even people
who weren't duelists?
I know a duelist
from Xyz
who's fighting
to rescue his sister.
She was taken prisoner
by your people!
We wouldn't do that...
would we?
Are you sure about that?
You better believe it.
His name
is Shay Obsidian.
Ask him about his sister
and what happened
in his home world.
Maybe that will convince you
I'm telling the truth.
(grunting softly)
Yuya!
You okay?
Please don't let his eyes turn
red and freaky again!
(Yuya)
What's going on?
Sweetie pie!
That you... Aura?
Thank the stars! Ohh!
My dreamboat has sailed
safely back to me!
(whimpering)
I don't remember much.
My last memory was of
this soldier guy
attacking and turning
a duelist into a card.
Gong has flattened his opponents
before, but never like that!
Everything that happened after
that is a blank.
Did I end up
dueling those guys?
Yep, and whooped 'em
with a mega‐mean dragon
Gong never saw before.
(Aura)
Whatever bamboozled your brain
seems to be gone for now.
Huh?
When you were passed out,
I sensed another
presence in you.
There was also
some kind of darkness
trying to take over
the both of you.
All of this was
happening inside of me?
It all sounds
so farfetched.
Maybe you were
imagining those things.
No... what I saw
was really there.
(thinking)
She sensed another presence
inside of me.
Could it be Yuto?
That would explain
why I was able to feel
what happened
to his people.
I wonder if his anger
is what's taking control of me.
But that can't be because...
the last thing
Yuto said to me was...
(weakly)
Always remember...
use your power...
to keep the world
entertained...
and smiling.
So if we're both trying
to keep the world smiling,
who or what was causing me
to be so mean?
All right...
I'm going to track down
this Shay character
you told me about.
I have to find out
if what you said is true.
But first, I have an idea
that might make it harder
for those Fusion folks
to find you!
Tell me.
If you and I
switch outfits,
they'll think you're me
and that I'm you!
I get it!
You're hoping
to draw their attention
by acting as my decoy,
aren't you?
That's the plan.
(chuckling softly)
Hmm. It's not a bad fit!
Mm...
Shay wasn't in
the Jungle Zone
or at the Volcano.
Which leaves...
The Ruins!
Oh!
Oh, hey.
It's you.
So how's it going...
Yuri?
♪